.TH "ByteArray.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ByteArray.h \- OpenSOAP API ByteArray Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <sys/types.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/Defines.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/ErrorCode.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithSize\fP(sz, b_ary)   OpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithData(0, (sz), (b_ary))"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithSize()\fP Function Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPByteArray \fBOpenSOAPByteArray\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPByteArray Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPByteArray\fP * \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPByteArray Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayCreate\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP *b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate a variable size Byte(unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithData\fP (const unsigned char *data, size_t sz, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP *b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate OpenSOAPByteArray with initial data. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayAppendRef\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fIUse OpenSOAPByteArray Resource declare. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayRelease\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease OpenSOAPByteArray Resource. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayGetSize\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, size_t *sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet size of variable size Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayBeginConst\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char **beg)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet const pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayEndConst\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char **ed)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet const pointer to tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginSizeConst\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char **beg, size_t *sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet const pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array and size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginEndConst\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char **beg, const unsigned char **ed)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet const pointer to head and tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayBegin\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char **beg)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayEnd\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char **ed)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet pointer to tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginSize\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char **beg, size_t *sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array and size. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginEnd\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char **beg, unsigned char **ed)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet pointer to head and tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayClear\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fIClear OpenSOAPByteArray. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArraySetData\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char *data, size_t sz)"
.br
.RI "\fISet data of OpenSOAPByteArray. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayAppend\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char *dat, size_t dat_len)"
.br
.RI "\fIAppend Byte data to OpenSOAPByteArray. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayResize\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, size_t new_size)"
.br
.RI "\fIResize OpenSOAPByteArray. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayDuplicate\fP (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP *dup_b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fIDuplicate OpenSOAPByteArray. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API ByteArray Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define OpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithSize(sz, b_ary)   OpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithData(0, (sz), (b_ary))"
.PP
\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithSize()\fP Function Definition. OpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithData(0, (sz), (b_ary)) 
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayAppend (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char * dat, size_t dat_len)"
.PP
Append Byte data to OpenSOAPByteArray. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIdat\fP const unsigned char * [in] ((|dat|)) Pointer to head of Append data. If NULL, 0 fill. 
.br
\fIdat_len\fP size_t [in] dat_sz Append data size 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayAppendRef (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.PP
Use OpenSOAPByteArray Resource declare. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayBegin (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char ** beg)"
.PP
Get pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIbeg\fP unsigned char ** [out] ((|beg|)) Pointer to head of ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayBeginConst (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char ** beg)"
.PP
Get const pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIbeg\fP const unsigned char ** [out] ((|beg|)) Pointer to head of ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayClear (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.PP
Clear OpenSOAPByteArray. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayCreate (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP * b_ary)"
.PP
Create a variable size Byte(unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [out] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayCreateWithData (const unsigned char * data, size_t sz, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP * b_ary)"
.PP
Create OpenSOAPByteArray with initial data. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIdata\fP const unsigned char * [in] ((|data|)) Initial data. If NULL, allocate ((|sz|)) space, and 0 fill. 
.br
\fIsz\fP size_t [in] ((|sz|)) Initial data size. 
.br
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [out] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayDuplicate (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP * dup_b_ary)"
.PP
Duplicate OpenSOAPByteArray. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIdup_b_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [out] ((|new_size|)) Duplicate ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayEnd (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char ** ed)"
.PP
Get pointer to tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIed\fP unsigned char ** [out] ((|ed|)) Pointer to tail of ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayEndConst (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char ** ed)"
.PP
Get const pointer to tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIed\fP const unsigned char ** [out] ((|ed|)) Pointer to tail of ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginEnd (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char ** beg, unsigned char ** ed)"
.PP
Get pointer to head and tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIbeg\fP unsigned char ** [out] ((|beg|)) Pointer to head of ByteArray 
.br
\fIed\fP unsigned char ** [out] ((|ed|)) Pointer to tail of ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginEndConst (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char ** beg, const unsigned char ** ed)"
.PP
Get const pointer to head and tail of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIbeg\fP const unsigned char ** [out] ((|beg|)) Pointer to head of ByteArray 
.br
\fIed\fP const unsigned char ** [out] ((|ed|)) Pointer to tail of ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginSize (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, unsigned char ** beg, size_t * sz)"
.PP
Get pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array and size. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIbeg\fP unsigned char ** [out] ((|beg|)) Pointer to head of ByteArray 
.br
\fIsz\fP size_t * [out] ((|sz|)) size 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayGetBeginSizeConst (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char ** beg, size_t * sz)"
.PP
Get const pointer to head of variable Byte (unsigned char) Array and size. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIbeg\fP const unsigned char ** [out] ((|beg|)) Pointer to head of ByteArray 
.br
\fIsz\fP size_t * [out] ((|sz|)) size 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayGetSize (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, size_t * sz)"
.PP
Get size of variable size Byte (unsigned char) Array. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIsz\fP size_t * [out] ((|sz|)) size 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayRelease (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.PP
Release OpenSOAPByteArray Resource. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArrayResize (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, size_t new_size)"
.PP
Resize OpenSOAPByteArray. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [in, out] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fInew_size\fP size_t [in] ((|new_size|)) New size. If the new size is greater than the current size, 0 fill the extra area. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPByteArraySetData (\fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, const unsigned char * data, size_t sz)"
.PP
Set data of OpenSOAPByteArray. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr * [in] ((|b_ary|)) ByteArray 
.br
\fIdata\fP unsigned char * [in] ((|data|)) data 
.br
\fIsz\fP size_t [in] ((|sz|)) data size 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
