.TH "ClientSocket.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
ClientSocket.h \- OpenSOAP API Client Socket Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/ByteArray.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPClientSocket \fBOpenSOAPClientSocket\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPClientSocket Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPClientSocket\fP * \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPClientSocket Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketCreate\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP *s)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP ClientSocket instance create. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketCreateSecure\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP *s)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP ClientSocket instance create in SSL. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketRelease\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketOpen\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, const char *node, const char *service)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpen and Connect OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketClose\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketRead\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, unsigned char *buf, size_t *buf_sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead from OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketWrite\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, const unsigned char *buf, size_t *buf_sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite to OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPClientSocketReadToDelm\fP (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, const unsigned char *delm, size_t delm_sz, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead up to delimiter from OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API Client Socket Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketClose (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s)"
.PP
Close OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketCreate (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP * s)"
.PP
OpenSOAP ClientSocket instance create. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr * [out] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketCreateSecure (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP * s)"
.PP
OpenSOAP ClientSocket instance create in SSL. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr * [out] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketOpen (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, const char * node, const char * service)"
.PP
Open and Connect OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket 
.br
\fInode\fP const char * [in] ((|node|)) hostname, and so on node. (i.e. 'www.isrc.co.jp', '192.168.0.1', ...) 
.br
\fIservice\fP const char * [in] ((|service|)) service. (i.e. 'http', 'ftp', 'smtp', '8080', ...) 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketRead (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, unsigned char * buf, size_t * buf_sz)"
.PP
Read from OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket 
.br
\fIbuf\fP unsigned char * [in] ((|buf|)) buffer for read data 
.br
\fIbuf_sz\fP size_t * [in, out] ((|buf_sz|)) Size of buffer. After this function call, returns actual size read. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketReadToDelm (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, const unsigned char * delm, size_t delm_sz, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP buf)"
.PP
Read up to delimiter from OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket 
.br
\fIdelm\fP const unsigned char * [in] ((|delm|)) Delimiter data array 
.br
\fIdelm_sz\fP size_t [in] ((|delm_sz|)) Delimiter data size 
.br
\fIbuf\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [out] ((|buf|)) Buffer for read data 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketRelease (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s)"
.PP
Release OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPClientSocketWrite (\fBOpenSOAPClientSocketPtr\fP s, const unsigned char * buf, size_t * buf_sz)"
.PP
Write to OpenSOAP ClientSocket. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPClientSocketPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP ClientSocket 
.br
\fIbuf\fP const unsigned char * [in] ((|buf|)) buffer for write data 
.br
\fIbuf_sz\fP size_t * ((|buf_sz|)) Size of buffer. After this function call, return write size. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
