.TH "CStdio.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
CStdio.h \- OpenSOAP API CStdio Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/ByteArray.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdio.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPCStdio \fBOpenSOAPCStdio\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPCStdio Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPCStdio\fP * \fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPCStdio Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioCreate\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP *s)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP CStdio Instance Create. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioCreateWithFILEPtr\fP (FILE *is, FILE *os, \fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP *s)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP CStdio Instance Create. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioCreateForStdio\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP *s)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP CStdio Instance Create for Stdio. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioClose\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fIClose and Disconnect OpenSOAP CStdio. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioRelease\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP CStdio Release. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioSetBinaryMode\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fISet OpenSOAP CStdio Stream to BINARY mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioSetTextMode\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.br
.RI "\fISet OpenSOAP CStdio Stream to TEXT mode. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioRead\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s, unsigned char *buf, size_t *buf_sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead From OpenSOAP CStdio Stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioWrite\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s, const unsigned char *buf, size_t *buf_sz)"
.br
.RI "\fIWrite to OpenSOAP CStdio Stream. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPCStdioReadToDelm\fP (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s, const unsigned char *delm, size_t delm_sz, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP buf)"
.br
.RI "\fIRead to Delimiter from OpenSOAP CStdio Stream. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API CStdio Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioClose (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.PP
Close and Disconnect OpenSOAP CStdio. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioCreate (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP * s)"
.PP
OpenSOAP CStdio Instance Create. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr * [out] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioCreateForStdio (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP * s)"
.PP
OpenSOAP CStdio Instance Create for Stdio. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr * [out] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioCreateWithFILEPtr (FILE * is, FILE * os, \fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP * s)"
.PP
OpenSOAP CStdio Instance Create. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIis\fP FILE * [in] ((|is|)) FILE pointer 
.br
\fIos\fP FILE * [in] ((|os|)) FILE pointer 
.br
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr * [out] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioRead (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s, unsigned char * buf, size_t * buf_sz)"
.PP
Read From OpenSOAP CStdio Stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.br
\fIbuf\fP unsigned char * [out] ((|buf|)) Read Buffer 
.br
\fIbuf_sz\fP size_t * [in, out] ((|buf_sz|)) Read Buffer size. Returns actual size read. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioReadToDelm (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s, const unsigned char * delm, size_t delm_sz, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP buf)"
.PP
Read to Delimiter from OpenSOAP CStdio Stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.br
\fIdelm\fP const unsigned char * [in] ((|delm|)) Delimiter string 
.br
\fIdelm_sz\fP size_t [in] ((|delm_sz|)) Delimiter length 
.br
\fIbuf\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [out] ((|buf|)) Read Buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioRelease (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.PP
OpenSOAP CStdio Release. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioSetBinaryMode (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.PP
Set OpenSOAP CStdio Stream to BINARY mode. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioSetTextMode (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s)"
.PP
Set OpenSOAP CStdio Stream to TEXT mode. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPCStdioWrite (\fBOpenSOAPCStdioPtr\fP s, const unsigned char * buf, size_t * buf_sz)"
.PP
Write to OpenSOAP CStdio Stream. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs\fP OpenSOAPCStdioPtr [in] ((|s|)) OpenSOAP CStdio 
.br
\fIbuf\fP const unsigned char * [in] ((|buf|)) Write Buffer 
.br
\fIbuf_sz\fP size_t * [in, out] ((|buf_sz|)) Write Buffer size. Returns actual size written 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
