.TH "Envelope.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Envelope.h \- OpenSOAP API Envelope Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/Block.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/ByteArray.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/String.h>\fP
.br
\fC#include <stdlib.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPEnvelope \fBOpenSOAPEnvelope\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPEnvelope Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPEnvelope\fP * \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPEnvelope Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreate\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soap_env)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP Envelope Instance Create. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateMB\fP (const char *soapVer, const char *envPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP Envelope Instance Create(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateWC\fP (const wchar_t *soapVer, const wchar_t *envPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP Envelope instance create(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP soapVer, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP envPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP Envelope instance create(OpenSOAPString). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateFaultMB\fP (const char *soapVer, const char *envPrefix, const char *faultCode, const char *faultString, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *faultBlock, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate OpenSOAP Fault Block(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateFaultWC\fP (const wchar_t *soapVer, const wchar_t *envPrefix, const wchar_t *faultCode, const wchar_t *faultString, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *faultBlock, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate OpenSOAP Fault Block(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateCharEncoding\fP (const char *chEnc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP *soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fICreate Char Encoding. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeRetain\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fI*NOT IMPLEMENTED* Add Reference To OpenSOAP Envelope \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeRelease\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease OpenSOAP Envelope Buffer. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeAddHeaderBlockMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, const char *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *h_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd SOAP Header Block(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeAddHeaderBlockWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, const wchar_t *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *h_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd SOAP Header Block(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetNextHeaderBlock\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *h_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet SOAP Header Block. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetHeaderBlockMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *h_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet SOAP Header Block(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetHeaderBlockWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const wchar_t *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *h_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet SOAP Header Block(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeAddBodyBlockMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *b_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd SOAP Body Block(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeAddBodyBlockWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const wchar_t *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *b_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd SOAP Body Block(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetNextBodyBlock\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *b_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet SOAP Body Block. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetBodyBlockMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *b_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet SOAP Body Block(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetBodyBlockWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const wchar_t *block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *b_block)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet SOAP Body Block(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetCharEncodingString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, const char *chEnc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fISOAP Envelope Character Encoding Output. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetHeaderCharEncodingString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char *ch_enc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fISoap Header character encoding output. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetBodyCharEncodingString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char *ch_enc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.br
.RI "\fISoap Body Character Encoding Output. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeAddFaultString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP faultCode, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP faultString, int isValueDup, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP *faultBlock)"
.br
.RI "\fIAdd Fault String. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetActorNameString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP *actorName)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Actor Name String. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopeGetActorNextString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP *actorNext)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Actor Next String. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API Envelope Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeAddBodyBlockMB (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * b_block)"
.PP
Add SOAP Body Block(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [out] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const char * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Block Name. If block_name==NULL, add body element only (no body block). 
.br
\fIb_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|b_block|)) OpenSOAP Body Block 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeAddBodyBlockWC (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const wchar_t * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * b_block)"
.PP
Add SOAP Body Block(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [out] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Block Name 
.br
\fIb_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|b_block|)) OpenSOAP Body Block 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeAddFaultString (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP faultCode, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP faultString, int isValueDup, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * faultBlock)"
.PP
Add Fault String. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [out] ((|soapEnv|)) OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.br
\fIfaultCode\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|faultCode|)) SOAP Fault's faultcode 
.br
\fIfaultString\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|faultString|)) SOAP Fault's faultstring 
.br
\fIisValueDup\fP int [in] ((|isValueDup|)) faultCode and faultString duplicate flag 
.br
\fIfaultBlock\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|faultBlock|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Fault Block 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeAddHeaderBlockMB (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, const char * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * h_block)"
.PP
Add SOAP Header Block(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [out] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const char * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Block Name 
.br
\fIh_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|h_block|)) OpenSOAP Header Block 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeAddHeaderBlockWC (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, const wchar_t * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * h_block)"
.PP
Add SOAP Header Block(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [out] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Block Name 
.br
\fIh_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|h_block|)) OpenSOAP Header Block 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreate (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soap_env)"
.PP
OpenSOAP Envelope Instance Create. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soap_env|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateCharEncoding (const char * chEnc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soapEnv)"
.PP
Create Char Encoding. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIchEnc\fP const char * [in] ((|chEnc|)) character encoding 
.br
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [in] ((|b_ary|)) OpenSOAP ByteArray 
.br
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soapEnv|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateFaultMB (const char * soapVer, const char * envPrefix, const char * faultCode, const char * faultString, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * faultBlock, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soapEnv)"
.PP
Create OpenSOAP Fault Block(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapVer\fP const char * [in] ((||soapVer|)) SOAP Version 
.br
\fIenvPrefix\fP const char * [in] ((|envPrefix|)) SOAP Envelope namespace prefix 
.br
\fIfaultCode\fP const char * [in] ((|faultCode|)) SOAP Fault's faultcode 
.br
\fIfaultString\fP const char * [in] ((|faultString|)) SOAP Fault's faultstring 
.br
\fIfaultBlock\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|faultBlock|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Fault Block Pointer 
.br
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soapEnv|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateFaultWC (const wchar_t * soapVer, const wchar_t * envPrefix, const wchar_t * faultCode, const wchar_t * faultString, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * faultBlock, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soapEnv)"
.PP
Create OpenSOAP Fault Block(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapVer\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((||soapVer|)) SOAP Version 
.br
\fIenvPrefix\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|envPrefix|)) SOAP Envelope namespace prefix 
.br
\fIfaultCode\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|faultCode|)) SOAP Fault's faultcode 
.br
\fIfaultString\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|faultString|)) SOAP Fault's faultstring 
.br
\fIfaultBlock\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|faultBlock|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Fault Block Pointer 
.br
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soapEnv|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateMB (const char * soapVer, const char * envPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soapEnv)"
.PP
OpenSOAP Envelope Instance Create(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapVer\fP const char * [in] ((||soapVer|)) SOAP Version 
.br
\fIenvPrefix\fP const char * [in] ((|envPrefix|)) SOAP Envelope namespace prefix 
.br
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soapEnv|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
soapVer This should be '1.1' or '1.2'. If NULL, this defaults to '1.1' 
.PP
envPrefix If NULL, this defaults as follows according to soapVer; '1.1': SOAP-ENV, '1.2': env 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateString (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP soapVer, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP envPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soapEnv)"
.PP
OpenSOAP Envelope instance create(OpenSOAPString). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapVer\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((||soapVer|)) SOAP Version 
.br
\fIenvPrefix\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|envPrefix|)) SOAP Envelope namespace prefix 
.br
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soapEnv|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeCreateWC (const wchar_t * soapVer, const wchar_t * envPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP * soapEnv)"
.PP
OpenSOAP Envelope instance create(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapVer\fP const char * [in] ((||soapVer|)) SOAP Version 
.br
\fIenvPrefix\fP const char * [in] ((|envPrefix|)) SOAP Envelope namespace prefix 
.br
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr * [out] ((|soapEnv|)) Storage Buffer of OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
soapVer This should be '1.1' or '1.2'. If NULL, this defaults to '1.1' envPrefix If NULL, this defaults as follows according to soapVer; '1.1': SOAP-ENV, '1.2': env 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetActorNameString (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP * actorName)"
.PP
Get Actor Name String. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soapEnv|)) OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.br
\fIactorName\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr * [out] ((|actorName|)) Actor Name 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetActorNextString (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP * actorNext)"
.PP
Get Actor Next String. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soapEnv|)) OpenSOAP Envelope Pointer 
.br
\fIactorNext\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr * [out] ((|actorNext|)) Actor Next 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetBodyBlockMB (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * b_block)"
.PP
Get SOAP Body Block(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const char * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Body Block name 
.br
\fIb_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|b_block|)) Body Block return buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Search for 'block_name' and return the corresponding Body Block in 'b_block'. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetBodyBlockWC (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const wchar_t * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * b_block)"
.PP
Get SOAP Body Block(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Body Block name 
.br
\fIb_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|b_block|)) Body Block return buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Search for 'block_name' and return the corresponding Body Block in 'b_block'. 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetBodyCharEncodingString (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char * ch_enc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.PP
Soap Body Character Encoding Output. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIch_enc\fP const char * [in] ((|ch_enc|)) character encoding. (i.e. 'EUC-JP', 'Shift_JIS', 'UTF-8') 
.br
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [out] ((|b_ary|)) Result Buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetCharEncodingString (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv, const char * chEnc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.PP
SOAP Envelope Character Encoding Output. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soapEnv|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIchEnc\fP const char * [in] ((|chEnc|)) character encoding. (i.e. 'EUC-JP', 'Shift_JIS', 'UTF-8') 
.br
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [out] ((|bAry|)) Storage Buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetHeaderBlockMB (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * h_block)"
.PP
Get SOAP Header Block(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const char * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Header Block name 
.br
\fIh_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|h_block|)) Header Block return buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetHeaderBlockWC (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const wchar_t * block_name, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * h_block)"
.PP
Get SOAP Header Block(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIblock_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|block_name|)) SOAP Header Block name 
.br
\fIh_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [out] ((|h_block|)) Header Block return buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetHeaderCharEncodingString (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, const char * ch_enc, \fBOpenSOAPByteArrayPtr\fP b_ary)"
.PP
Soap Header character encoding output. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIch_enc\fP const char * [in] ((|ch_enc|)) character encoding. (i.e. 'EUC-JP', 'Shift_JIS', 'UTF-8') 
.br
\fIb_ary\fP OpenSOAPByteArrayPtr [out] ((|b_ary|)) Result Buffer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetNextBodyBlock (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * b_block)"
.PP
Get SOAP Body Block. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIb_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [in, out] ((|b_block|)) OpenSOAP Body Block. If *b_block is NULL, then return first Body Block. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeGetNextHeaderBlock (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soap_env, \fBOpenSOAPBlockPtr\fP * h_block)"
.PP
Get SOAP Header Block. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_env\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soap_env|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.br
\fIh_block\fP OpenSOAPBlockPtr * [in, out] ((|h_block|)) OpenSOAP Header Block. If NULL, return first header block. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeRelease (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv)"
.PP
Release OpenSOAP Envelope Buffer. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soapEnv|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP
\fBNote:\fP
.RS 4
Release Resources of Created OpenSOAP Resource 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPEnvelopeRetain (\fBOpenSOAPEnvelopePtr\fP soapEnv)"
.PP
*NOT IMPLEMENTED* Add Reference To OpenSOAP Envelope \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoapEnv\fP OpenSOAPEnvelopePtr [in] ((|soapEnv|)) OpenSOAP Envelope 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code (OPENSOAP_YET_IMPLEMENTATION) 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
