.TH "Serializer.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Serializer.h \- OpenSOAP API Serializer Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/String.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int(* \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP )(void *from_value, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP to)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP Serializer Function Type. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef int(* \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP )(\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP from, void *to_value)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP Deserializer Function Type. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPSerializerRegisterMB\fP (const char *soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP serializer, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP deserializer)"
.br
.RI "\fISerializer and deserializer register function.(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPSerializerRegisterWC\fP (const wchar_t *soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP serializer, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP deserializer)"
.br
.RI "\fISerializer and deserializer register function.(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPGetSerializer\fP (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP *serializer)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Serializer(OpenSOAPString). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPGetSerializerMB\fP (const char *soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP *serializer)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Serializer(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPGetSerializerWC\fP (const wchar_t *soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP *serializer)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Serializer(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPGetDeserializer\fP (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP *deserializer)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Deserializer(OpenSOAPString). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPGetDeserializerMB\fP (const char *soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP *deserializer)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Deserializer(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPGetDeserializerWC\fP (const wchar_t *soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP *deserializer)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Deserializer(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPSerializerRegistDefaults\fP (void)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP default Serializers/Deserializers Registration. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API Serializer Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Typedef Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int(* \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP)(\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP from, void *to_value)"
.PP
OpenSOAP Deserializer Function Type. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfrom\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|from|)) Deserializer Object Assign Pointer 
.br
\fIto_value\fP void * [out] ((|to_value|)) Result Value Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int(* \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP)(void *from_value, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP to)"
.PP
OpenSOAP Serializer Function Type. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIfrom_value\fP void * [in] ((|from_value|)) Serializer Object Assign Pointer 
.br
\fIto\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [out] ((|to|)) Result Value Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPGetDeserializer (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP * deserializer)"
.PP
Get Deserializer(OpenSOAPString). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIdeserializer\fP OpenSOAPDeserializerFunc * [out] ((|deserializer|)) Deserializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPGetDeserializerMB (const char * soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP * deserializer)"
.PP
Get Deserializer(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP const char * [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIdeserializer\fP OpenSOAPDeserializerFunc * [out] ((|deserializer|)) Deserializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPGetDeserializerWC (const wchar_t * soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP * deserializer)"
.PP
Get Deserializer(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIdeserializer\fP OpenSOAPDeserializerFunc * [out] ((|deserializer|)) Deserializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPGetSerializer (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP * serializer)"
.PP
Get Serializer(OpenSOAPString). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIserializer\fP OpenSOAPSerializerFunc * [out] ((|serializer|)) Serializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPGetSerializerMB (const char * soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP * serializer)"
.PP
Get Serializer(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP const char * [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIserializer\fP OpenSOAPSerializerFunc * [out] ((|serializer|)) Serializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPGetSerializerWC (const wchar_t * soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP * serializer)"
.PP
Get Serializer(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIserializer\fP OpenSOAPSerializerFunc * [out] ((|serializer|)) Serializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPSerializerRegistDefaults (void)"
.PP
OpenSOAP default Serializers/Deserializers Registration. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPSerializerRegisterMB (const char * soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP serializer, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP deserializer)"
.PP
Serializer and deserializer register function.(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP const char * [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIserializer\fP OpenSOAPSerializerFunc [in] ((|serializer|)) Serializer Function 
.br
\fIdeserializer\fP OpenSOAPDeserializerFunc [in] ((|deserializer|)) Deserializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPSerializerRegisterWC (const wchar_t * soap_typename, \fBOpenSOAPSerializerFunc\fP serializer, \fBOpenSOAPDeserializerFunc\fP deserializer)"
.PP
Serializer and deserializer register function.(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIsoap_typename\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|soap_typename|)) SOAP Type Name 
.br
\fIserializer\fP OpenSOAPSerializerFunc [in] ((|serializer|)) Serializer Function 
.br
\fIdeserializer\fP OpenSOAPDeserializerFunc [in] ((|deserializer|)) Deserializer Function 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
