.TH "XMLAttr.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XMLAttr.h \- OpenSOAP API XML Attribute Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/XMLNamespace.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPXMLAttr \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPXMLAttr Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttr\fP * \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPXMLAttr Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrCreateMB\fP (const char *attr_name, \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP *attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP XML Attribute Instance Create(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrCreateWC\fP (const wchar_t *attr_name, \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP *attr)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP XML Attribute Instance Create(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrSetNamespaceMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const char *ns_uri, const char *ns_prefix)"
.br
.RI "\fISet Namespace of XML Element(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrSetNamespaceWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const wchar_t *ns_uri, const wchar_t *ns_prefix)"
.br
.RI "\fISet Namespace of XML Element(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrGetNamespace\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP *ns)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Namespace of XML Element. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrGetValueMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const char *type_name, void *value)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Value of XML Attribute(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrGetValueWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const wchar_t *type_name, void *value)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Value of XML Attribute(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrSetValueMB\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const char *type_name, void *value)"
.br
.RI "\fISet Value of XML Attribute(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrSetValueWC\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const wchar_t *type_name, void *value)"
.br
.RI "\fISet Value of XML Attribute(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrGetName\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP attr, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP *name)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet of SOAP Attribute Name. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API XML Attribute Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrCreateMB (const char * attr_name, \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP * attr)"
.PP
OpenSOAP XML Attribute Instance Create(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattr_name\fP const char * [in] ((|attr_name|)) XML Attribute name 
.br
\fIattr\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr * [out] ((|attr|)) XML Attribute pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrCreateWC (const wchar_t * attr_name, \fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP * attr)"
.PP
OpenSOAP XML Attribute Instance Create(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattr_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|attr_name|)) XML Attribute name 
.br
\fIattr\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr * [out] ((|attr|)) XML Attribute pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrGetName (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP attr, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP * name)"
.PP
Get of SOAP Attribute Name. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIattr\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in] ((|attr|)) SOAP Attribute Pointer 
.br
\fIname\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr * [out] ((|name|)) Result Name of SOAP Attribute 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrGetNamespace (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP * ns)"
.PP
Get Namespace of XML Element. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in, out] ((|elm|)) XML Attribute 
.br
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr * [out] ((|ns|)) Namespace 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrGetValueMB (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const char * type_name, void * value)"
.PP
Get Value of XML Attribute(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in] ((|elm|)) OpenSOAP XML Attribute 
.br
\fItype_name\fP const char * [in] ((|type_name|)) Type Name 
.br
\fIvalue\fP void * [out] ((|value|)) Storage Buffer Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrGetValueWC (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const wchar_t * type_name, void * value)"
.PP
Get Value of XML Attribute(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in] ((|elm|)) OpenSOAP XML Attribute 
.br
\fItype_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|type_name|)) Type Name 
.br
\fIvalue\fP void * [out] ((|value|)) Storage Buffer Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrSetNamespaceMB (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const char * ns_uri, const char * ns_prefix)"
.PP
Set Namespace of XML Element(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in, out] ((|elm|)) XML Attribute 
.br
\fIns_uri\fP const char * [in] ((|ns_uri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fIns_prefix\fP const char * [in] ((|ns_prefix|)) Namespace Prefix 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrSetNamespaceWC (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const wchar_t * ns_uri, const wchar_t * ns_prefix)"
.PP
Set Namespace of XML Element(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in, out] ((|elm|)) XML Attribute 
.br
\fIns_uri\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|ns_uri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fIns_prefix\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|ns_prefix|)) Namespace Prefix 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrSetValueMB (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const char * type_name, void * value)"
.PP
Set Value of XML Attribute(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in] ((|elm|)) OpenSOAP XML Attribute 
.br
\fItype_name\fP const char * [in] ((|type_name|)) Type Name 
.br
\fIvalue\fP void * [in] ((|value|)) Storage Buffer Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLAttrSetValueWC (\fBOpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr\fP elm, const wchar_t * type_name, void * value)"
.PP
Set Value of XML Attribute(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLAttrPtr [in] ((|elm|)) OpenSOAP XML Attribute 
.br
\fItype_name\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|type_name|)) Type Name 
.br
\fIvalue\fP void * [in] ((|value|)) Storage Buffer Pointer 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
