.TH "XMLNamespace.h" 3 "18 Oct 2004" "Version 1.0" "OpenSOAP" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
XMLNamespace.h \- OpenSOAP API XML Namespace Processing.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <OpenSOAP/String.h>\fP
.br

.SS "Typedefs"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPXMLNamespace \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespace\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPXMLNamespace Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespace\fP * \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPXMLNamespace Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef tagOpenSOAPXMLElm \fBOpenSOAPXMLElm\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPXMLElm Structure Type Definition. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "typedef \fBOpenSOAPXMLElm\fP * \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAPXMLElm Pointer Type Definition. \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceCreateMB\fP (const char *ns_uri, const char *ns_prefix, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP *ns)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP XML Namespace Element Instance Create(MB). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceCreateWC\fP (const wchar_t *ns_uri, const wchar_t *ns_prefix, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP *ns)"
.br
.RI "\fIOpenSOAP XML Namespace Element Instance Create(WC). \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceRelease\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns)"
.br
.RI "\fIRelease XML Namespace area. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceCreateString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsUri, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP *ns)"
.br
.RI "\fIXML Namespace Create String. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetURI\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP *ns_uri)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet XML Namespace URI. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceDuplicate\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP *dupNs)"
.br
.RI "\fIDuplicate XML Namespace. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetDefinedXMLElm\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP *elm)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Defined XML Namespace Element. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceSetDefinedXMLElm\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP elm, \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP *oldElm)"
.br
.RI "\fISet Defined XML Namespace Element. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetPrefix\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP *ns_prefix)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet Namespace Prefix. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetPropertiesUTF8WithAllocator\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, char *(*memAllocator)(size_t), char **utf8NsURI, char **utf8NsPrefix)"
.br
.RI "\fIGet XML Namespace Properties. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceIsSameUriString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsUri, int *isSame)"
.br
.RI "\fISame XML Namespace URI ? \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespaceIsSameString\fP (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsUri, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsPrefix, int *isSame)"
.br
.RI "\fISame XML Namespace URI And Prefix ? \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
OpenSOAP API XML Namespace Processing. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
OpenSOAP Development Team
.RE
.PP

.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceCreateMB (const char * ns_uri, const char * ns_prefix, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP * ns)"
.PP
OpenSOAP XML Namespace Element Instance Create(MB). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns_uri\fP const char * [in] ((|ns_uri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fIns_prefix\fP const char * [in] ((|ns_prefix|)) Namespace prefix 
.br
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLElmPtr * [out] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceCreateString (\fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsUri, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsPrefix, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP * ns)"
.PP
XML Namespace Create String. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fInsUri\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|nsUri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fInsPrefix\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|nsPrefix|)) Namespace Prefix 
.br
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr * [out] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceCreateWC (const wchar_t * ns_uri, const wchar_t * ns_prefix, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP * ns)"
.PP
OpenSOAP XML Namespace Element Instance Create(WC). \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns_uri\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|ns_uri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fIns_prefix\fP const wchar_t * [in] ((|ns_prefix|)) Namespace prefix 
.br
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLElmPtr * [out] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceDuplicate (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP * dupNs)"
.PP
Duplicate XML Namespace. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fIdupNs\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr * [out] ((|dupNs|)) XML Namespace 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetDefinedXMLElm (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP * elm)"
.PP
Get Defined XML Namespace Element. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLElmPtr * [out] ((|elm|)) XML Element 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetPrefix (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP * ns_prefix)"
.PP
Get Namespace Prefix. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fIns_prefix\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr * [out] ((|ns_prefix|)) Namespace Prefix 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetPropertiesUTF8WithAllocator (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, char *(* memAllocator)(size_t), char ** utf8NsURI, char ** utf8NsPrefix)"
.PP
Get XML Namespace Properties. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fImemAllocator\fP char * [in] ( * ((|memAllocator|)) )(size_t) Character String 
.br
\fIutf8NsURI\fP char ** [out] ((|utf8NsURI|)) Character String Array UTF8 Encoded Namespace URI 
.br
\fIutf8NsPrefix\fP char ** [out] ((|utf8NsPrefix|)) Character String Array UTF8 Encoded Namespace Prefix 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceGetURI (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP * ns_uri)"
.PP
Get XML Namespace URI. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fIns_uri\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr * [out] ((|ns_uri|)) Namespace URI 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceIsSameString (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsUri, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsPrefix, int * isSame)"
.PP
Same XML Namespace URI And Prefix ? \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fInsUri\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|nsUri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fInsPrefix\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|nsPrefix|)) Namespace Prefix 
.br
\fIisSame\fP int * [out] ((|isSame|)) Is same result 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceIsSameUriString (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPStringPtr\fP nsUri, int * isSame)"
.PP
Same XML Namespace URI ? \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [in] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fInsUri\fP OpenSOAPStringPtr [in] ((|nsUri|)) Namespace URI 
.br
\fIisSame\fP int * [out] ((|isSame|)) Is same URI result 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceRelease (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns)"
.PP
Release XML Namespace area. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [out] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int OpenSOAPXMLNamespaceSetDefinedXMLElm (\fBOpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr\fP ns, \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP elm, \fBOpenSOAPXMLElmPtr\fP * oldElm)"
.PP
Set Defined XML Namespace Element. \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIns\fP OpenSOAPXMLNamespacePtr [out] ((|ns|)) XML Namespace 
.br
\fIelm\fP OpenSOAPXMLElmPtr [in] ((|elm|)) XML Element 
.br
\fIoldElm\fP OpenSOAPXMLElmPtr * [out] ((|oldElm|)) XML Element 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Error Code 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for OpenSOAP from the source code.
