=pod

=head1 NAME

opensoap-server-ctl - OpenSOAP Server control interface

idManager, msgDrvCreator, queueManager, spoolManager, srvConfAttrMgr,
ssmlAttrMgr, ttlManager
- server commands called by opensoap-server-ctl

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<opensoap-server-ctl> I<command>

B<idManager>

B<msgDrvCreator>

B<queueManager> [ 1 ]

B<spoolManager>

B<srvConfAttrMgr>

B<ssmlAttrMgr>

B<ttlManager>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<opensoap-server-ctl> is a front end of the OpenSOAP Server, which
supports operations for Web Service systems and provides practical
functions, such as asynchronous client connections for non-real time
processing, message forwarding for searching valid services and
passing through firewalls, and signing messages for security
validation.

When this command is executed, the following programs are called:

B<srvConfAttrMgr> - Server Config Attributes Manager,

B<ssmlAttrMgr> - SSML Attribute Manager,

B<idManager> - SOAPMessageStoreFile ID Manager,

B<msgDrvCreator> - Message Driver Creator,

B<queueManager> - Queue Manager (twice for Request and Forward),

B<spoolManager> - Response Spool Manager,

B<ttlManager> - TTL Manager

=head1 OPTIONS

The I<command> for B<opensoap-server-ctl> can be any one of the
following options:

=over 4

=item B<start>

Starts the OpenSOAP Server processes.  Gives no error even if it is
already running.  (See BUG section)

=item B<stop>

Stops the OpenSOAP Server processes.

=item B<restart>

Restarts the OpenSOAP Server processes.

=item B<reload>

Reloads the configuration file.

=item B<help>

Displays a short help message.

=back

B<queueManager> also can be set 1 as an option.

=over 4

=item 1

Handles Forward Messages.  Without this, handles Request Messages.

=head1 FILES

server.conf  - server configuration file

=head1 SEE ALSO

soaping(1)

=head1 BUGS

If the server is already running when B<opensoap-server-ctl> is
executed, the new processes come up and the old processes stay alive.
They cannot be killed by the stop command.

=cut
